Psalm 76 to the chief musician on
Psalm 76 to the chief musician on stringed instruments a psalm of Asaph a
stringed instruments a psalm of Asaph a
stringed instruments a psalm of Asaph a cell
cell
cell in Judah God is known his name is great
in Judah God is known his name is great
in Judah God is known his name is great in Israel in Salem also is his
in Israel in Salem also is his
in Israel in Salem also is his tabernacle and his dwelling place in
tabernacle and his dwelling place in
tabernacle and his dwelling place in Zion there he broke the arrows of the
Zion there he broke the arrows of the
Zion there he broke the arrows of the bow the shield and sword of battle you
bow the shield and sword of battle you
bow the shield and sword of battle you are more glorious and excellent than the
are more glorious and excellent than the
are more glorious and excellent than the mountains of prey the stout-hearted were
mountains of prey the stout-hearted were
mountains of prey the stout-hearted were plundered they have sunk into their
plundered they have sunk into their
plundered they have sunk into their sleep and none of the mighty men have
sleep and none of the mighty men have
sleep and none of the mighty men have found the use of their hands at your
found the use of their hands at your
found the use of their hands at your rebuke oh God of Jacob both the chariot
rebuke oh God of Jacob both the chariot
rebuke oh God of Jacob both the chariot and horse were cast into a dead sleep
and horse were cast into a dead sleep
and horse were cast into a dead sleep you yourself are to be feared and who
you yourself are to be feared and who
you yourself are to be feared and who may stand in your presence when once you
may stand in your presence when once you
may stand in your presence when once you are angry you cause judgment to be heard
are angry you cause judgment to be heard
are angry you cause judgment to be heard from heaven the earth feared and was
from heaven the earth feared and was
from heaven the earth feared and was still when God arose to judgment to
still when God arose to judgment to
still when God arose to judgment to deliver all the oppressed of the earth
deliver all the oppressed of the earth
deliver all the oppressed of the earth surely the wrath of man shall praise you
surely the wrath of man shall praise you
surely the wrath of man shall praise you with the remainder of wrath you shall
with the remainder of wrath you shall
with the remainder of wrath you shall gird yourself make vows to the Lord your
gird yourself make vows to the Lord your
gird yourself make vows to the Lord your God and pay them
God and pay them
God and pay them let all who are around him bring
let all who are around him bring
let all who are around him bring presents to him who ought to be feared
presents to him who ought to be feared
presents to him who ought to be feared he shall cut off the spirit of princes
he shall cut off the spirit of princes
he shall cut off the spirit of princes he is awesome to the kings of the earth